OADP-844: Adding to known issues - generated route can have incorrect… (#68867)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-2-0.adoc

.Multiple HTTP/2 enabled web servers are vulnerable to a DDoS attack (Rapid Reset Attack)

The HTTP/2 protocol is susceptible to a denial of service attack because request cancellation can reset multiple streams quickly. The server has to set up and tear down the streams while not hitting any server-side limit for the maximum number of active streams per connection. This results in a denial of service due to server resource consumption.

It is advised to upgrade to OADP 1.2.3, which resolves this issue.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-39325[CVE-2023-39325 (Rapid Reset Attack)].

.An incorrect hostname can be created when changing a hostname in a generated route.

> By default, OpenShift cluster makes sure that the openshift.io/host.generated: `true` annotation is turned on and fills in the field for both the routes that are generated and those that are not generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the {product-title} cluster makes sure that the` openshift.io/host.generated: true` annotation is turned on and fills in the field for both the routes that are generated and those that are not generated.
```

You cannot modify the value for the `.spec.host` field based on the base domain name of your cluster in the generated and non-generated routes.

> If you modify the value for the `.spec.host` field, it is not possible to restore the default value that was generated by the OpenShift cluster. After you restore your OpenShift cluster, the operator resets the value for the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you modify the value for the `.spec.host` field, it is not possible to restore the default value that was generated by the {product-title} cluster. After you restore your {product-title} cluster, the Operator resets the value for the field.
```
